Enable StructType for Parquet and InMemoryTableScanExec (#1969)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/additional-functionality/cache-serializer.md

  `spark.sql.inMemoryColumnarStorage.enableVectorizedReader` will not be honored as the GPU
  data is always read in as columnar. If `spark.rapids.sql.enabled` is set to false
  the cached objects will still be compressed on the CPU as a part of the caching process.
  Please note that Parquet doesn't support columns of type CalendarIntervalType or NullType out of

>   the box, but ParquetCachedBatchSerializer does by decomposing intervals to struct containing the
>   months, days and microseconds and NullType to Int column containing nulls. Also note that

Reviewer: This seems like too much implementation detail because the user won't be able to access the underlying representation.  Personally I'd not mention it at all or at best say CalendarIntervalType and NullType are supported and leave it at that.  But if the detail stays:
```suggestion
  the box, but ParquetCachedBatchSerializer does by decomposing an interval to a struct containing the
  months, days and microseconds and NullType to an Int which is always null. Also note that
```

  ParquetCachedBatchSerializer doesn't support negative decimal scale, so if 
  `spark.sql.legacy.allowNegativeScaleOfDecimal` is set to true ParquetCachedBatchSerializer

>   should not be used, if used, it will result in an error resulting from trying to write a
>   negative scale to parquet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  should not be used. Using the serializer with negative decimal scales will generate
  an error at runtime.
```

>   To use this serializer please run Spark

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To use this serializer, set the `spark.sql.cache.serializer` config to the serializer class as in this example:
```

  ```
  spark-shell --conf spark.sql.cache.serializer=com.nvidia.spark.rapids.shims.spark311.ParquetCachedBatchSerializer"
  ```

>   To use the default serializer don't set the `spark.sql.cache.serializer` conf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ```
